add more info on retention proofs (#70)
TBD54566975/did-dht: spec/spec.md

A [[ref:Retained DID Set]] refers to the set of DIDs a [[ref:Gateway]] retains and republishes to the DHT. A [[ref:Gateway]] may choose to surface additional [APIs](#gateway-api) based on this set, such as providing a [type index](#type-indexing).

> To safeguard equitable access to the resources of [[ref:Gateways]], which are publicly accessible and potentially subject to [a high volume of requests](#rate-limiting), we suggest an ****OPTIONAL**** mechanism aimed at upholding fairness in the retention and republishing of record sets by [[ref:Gateways]]. This mechanism, referred to as a [[ref:Retention Proof]], requires clients to generate a proof value for write requests. This process ensures specific guarantees regarding the retention and republishing of data by a [[ref:Gateway]], thereby enhancing the overall reliability and effectiveness of [[ref:Gateways]] in managing requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To safeguard equitable access to the resources of [[ref:Gateways]], which are publicly accessible and potentially subject to [a high volume of requests](#rate-limiting), we suggest an ****OPTIONAL**** mechanism aimed at upholding fairness in the retention and republishing of record sets by [[ref:Gateways]]. This mechanism, referred to as a [[ref:Retention Proof]], requires clients to generate a proof value for write requests. This process guarantees that the amount of work done by a client is proportional to the duration of the republishing of data a client requests the [[ref:Gateway]] to do. This mechanism enhances the overall reliability and effectiveness of [[ref:Gateways]] in managing requests.
```

> To safeguard equitable access to the resources of [[ref:Gateways]], which are publicly accessible and potentially subject to [a high volume of requests](#rate-limiting), we suggest an ****OPTIONAL**** mechanism aimed at upholding fairness in the retention and republishing of record sets by [[ref:Gateways]]. This mechanism, referred to as a [[ref:Retention Proof]], requires clients to generate a proof value for write requests. This process guarantees that the amount of work done by a client is proportional to the duration of the republishing of data a client requests the [[ref:Gateway]] to do. This mechanism enhances the overall reliability and effectiveness of [[ref:Gateways]] in managing requests.

Author: ```suggestion
To safeguard equitable access to the resources of [[ref:Gateways]], which are publicly accessible and potentially subject to [a high volume of requests](#rate-limiting), we suggest an ****OPTIONAL**** mechanism aimed at upholding fairness in the retention and republishing of record sets by [[ref:Gateways]]. This mechanism, referred to as a [[ref:Retention Proof]], requires clients to generate a proof value for write requests. This process guarantees that the amount of work done by a client is proportional to the duration of data retention and republishing a [[ref:Gateway]] performs. This mechanism enhances the overall reliability and effectiveness of [[ref:Gateways]] in managing requests.
```
